Jeff Stock

JAntonStock@gmail.com | (707) 301-8624 | San Mateo, CA
linkedin.com/in/stockj | github.com/janton42

Experience

1. Upwork: Dec ‘17 - Present
Program Manager, Data Analytics and Infrastructure: JAN ‘21 - Present
● Managed a team of analysts, auditors, and program administrators responsible for:
○ Ad hoc contingent worker data analysis and reporting in support of all business
units (product, marketing, engineering, human resources, finance and legal)
○ Data analysis infrastructure improvements, such as:
■ Designing, creating and launching self-service dashboards in Google
Data Studio and Looker
■ Supporting the design, development, and implementation of a direct
integration of contingent worker data between the Upwork platform and
Workday through data validation and subject matter expertise.

○ Program administration support, including:
■ Maintaining accurate, thorough records of onboarding/offboarding,
systems access provisioning/deprovisioning, equipment issuance and
retrieval
■ End-to-end process improvements for all CWP tasks, including partnering
with product and engineering teams to drive improvements on the Upwork
platform.

Associate Program Manager: JAN ‘20 - DEC ‘20
● Evangelized the contingent workforce program (CWP); managed and executed
company-wide education; drove program adoption and compliance.
● Advised, influenced, and provided thought leadership on the current contingent
workforce experience; anticipated future program needs through data analysis and
interpretation of internal business and external marketplace trends
● Owned performance metrics for the contingent workforce program activities, including:
○ Program usage and compliance
○ Service level targets, OKRs, and savings
● Collaborated with Legal team to define, then operationalize and implement policies inline
with company’s risk profile
● Main point of escalation for resolution complex CWP issues
● Managed multiple projects
● Ad hoc contingent worker data analysis and reporting in support of all business units
(product, marketing, engineering, human resources, finance)
Talent Innovation Specialist: AUG ‘18 - DEC ‘19
● Onboarding task
● Worker classification decisions
● Ad hoc data analysis and reporting
● Hiring manager training

Mid-Market Account Executive: DEC ‘17 - AUG ‘18
● Inside, B2B sales of freelance management and hiring platform.
2. Self-Employed: Independent Russian Translation Consultant: APR ’15 - Present
● Translate legal documents, website content, marketing material, etc. for clients all over
the world.
● National Language Service Corps member.
3. ThoughtSpot: Sales Development Rep: JAN ‘17 - JUN ‘17
● Inside, B2B sales of business intelligence technology platform.
4. Oracle: Sales Development Rep: JUN ’15 - APR ‘16
● Order fulfillment and selling of products and services in high volume, low value,
short-cycle transactions using telephone sales.
5. U.S. Marine Corps: NOV ’01 - SEP ‘10
Russian Interpreter: 2006 - 2010
● Interpreted between Russian and English during Conventional Forces Europe (CFE) and
Vienna Document of 1999 (VD99) treaty compliance inspections in several Former
Soviet Republics and Western European countries while assigned to the Defense Threat
Reduction Agency in Darmstadt, Germany.
● Provided single-source, high-value intelligence, not available by any other means.
● Regularly exceeded expectations for 2+ years for intelligence collection.
● Developed expertise at conventional weapons recognition.
● Selected over peers for 2+ years for ad-hoc diplomatic and collection missions.
● Senior Russian linguist and sometimes sole bilingual U.S. representative during several
multinational training events, military exercises, and diplomatic conferences.
● 4+ years of senior executive-level interaction.
Russian Linguist and Signals Intelligence Team Manager: 2001 - 2006
● Led a 7 person SIGINT collection team in and around Fallujah, Iraq during Operation
Iraqi Freedom (OIF II and OIF III)
● Monitored, transcribed, and translated intercepted target communications.
● Installed, operated, and performed preventative maintenance of intercept
equipment.
● Provided direct, tactical SIGINT support to various U.S. Infantry and Special
Forces units.
● Identified and located high value targets and persons of interest.

Education
University of California: Berkeley - MAY ‘15
● BA - Linguistics
Defense Language Institute: JUL ‘10
● AA – Russian
