Michelle Bastelier
Mountain View, California ● michelle@primed4.com
Certified Salesforce
Marketing Automation
Analytics
Project Management
Experienced Salesforce professional and project manager leading highly visible projects that have a positive
impact on company profitability. Successful leading teams, managing budgets and driving projects to completion.
Knowledgeable with marketing automation, sales methodology, development and business process best
practices. Salesforce certified.
PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE
Ascot Consultants, Mountain View, CA
Cyber Security Professional Services Firm
2012 to Present
Consultant, Director of Sales Operations
Responsible for helping drive leads, improving sales operations, analyzing performance and providing the
executive team with compelling and actionable recommendations for business planning and spend management.
Key Achievements:
• Improved opportunity conversions by 45% with an in-depth analysis of business practice
recommendations and applied automation.
• Used field validation, Workflow and Process Builder to automate manual activities, keeping data
clean and accurate.
• Built simple Apex Triggers to further improve efficiencies.
• Migrated company to Lightning UI.
• Planned and conducted requirement elicitation meetings with the business to collect functional and
non-functional requirements relating to Salesforce technology enhancement and initiatives.
• Prepared change management plans and functional requirement documents.
• Created data flow and built process flow diagrams to facilitate better system understanding.
• Created new custom objects, assigned fields, designed page layouts, custom tabs and components.
• Outlined the organization hierarchy and create profiles, roles accordingly in Salesforce; worked on
visibility and security settings around them as required by the business.
Independent Marketing and Sales Operations Consultant, Los Altos, CA
2001 to 2012
Marketing and Sales Consultant
Projects:
• Drove delivery of campaign assets, including white papers, reports, and sales tools.
• Designed custom dashboards for various user groups based on their business needs.
• Created and deployed several reports for different user profiles based on the need in the organization.
• Designed various types of email templates for auto response to customers.
• Spearheaded project, creating new dashboards to accurately communicate marketing results for CEO.MarketFirst, Mountain View, CA
Email Marketing SAAS Company
1999 to 2001
Director, Sales Operations
Reporting to the VP of Sales, took sales initiatives and turned them into a profitable channel program.
Key Achievements:
• Built channel sales organization from the ground up, developing compensation plans, pricing, territories,
reporting, dashboards, and sales tools.
• Team delivered 150% of quota in the first seven months selling email marketing campaigns through large
national marketing service providers.
• Hired and mentored team of four senior channel sales managers.
Clarify, San Jose, CA
Customer Relationship Management (CRM) vendor; purchased by Nortel Networks.
1997 to 1999
Senior Manager, Field Marketing Operations
Enhanced the overall effectiveness of the sales force in competitive selling situations.
Key Achievements:
• Drove the implementation of Jamcracker, a sales effectiveness tools, across the world-wide sales
organization; creating far more accurate forecasting and reporting.
• Responsible for all sales content including competitive analysis, customer success stories, market analysis
reports, references, sales presentations, white papers, and executive investment relations briefings.
• Recruited, hired and managed five senior, high-performing team members.
Oracle Corporation. Redwood Shores, CA
Global leader in database and application software.
1994 to 1997
Market Analyst, Market Intelligence Group
Market intelligence database management, content creation.
Key Achievements:
• Primary field support for competitive data, sales strategy and market intelligence.
• Primary and Secondary research projects.
• Created sales playbooks for sales teams.
Syntex Pharmaceuticals (acquired by Roche Holdings)
Medium-sized pharmaceutical company
1991 to 1994
Data Analyst
Data Analyst, Naprosyn
Key Achievements:
• Provided programming leadership for preparation of datasets to FDA.
• Developed software systems to generate displays of clinical study data as tables, listings, and graphs for
electronic submission to regulatory agencies
EDUCATION
California Polytechnic State University, San Luis Obispo, CA
Management Information Systems
Technical Training
Adobe Experience Manager 6 CMS Author Training – September 2014
Certified Salesforce Administrator License #17120157
1991
