Jeff Stock
JAntonStock@gmail.com | (707) 301-8624 | Belmont, CA | linkedin.com/in/stockj
 
        	Bilingual, dynamic leader, passionate about creating, fostering, and inspiring operational excellence at all levels of cross-functional teams. Experienced interpreter with strong technical background and proven track record of reliability, accuracy, and professionalism in a wide range of environments, from parliamentary conference rooms and mayoral offices, to mining sites and the engine compartments of Naval ships. Seeking a position where my military experience, and ability to act decisively in high-pressure situations can help teams get things done, accomplish missions, and build amazing things.
Experience
Independent Russian Translation Consultant : APR ’15 – Present
	Translate documents on various topics between Russian and English.
● National Language Service Corps member.
ThoughtSpot: Sales Development Rep: JAN ‘17 - JUN ‘17
	High-volume inbound and outbound business development for business intelligence platform.
● Contributed to the only team to exceed quota in Q1.
Oracle: Sales Development Rep : JUN ’15 - APR ‘16
	High-volume, low-value, short-cycle sales of database technology to small- and medium-sized 	businesses AZ, HI and NV.
● Generated over $1m in new pipeline opportunities per quarter.
● Exceeded quota each quarter.
U.S. Marine Corps: NOV ’01 - SEP ‘10
Russian Linguist and Signals Intelligence Team Manager: 2001 – 2006
	Monitor, transcribe, and translate intercepted target communications; perform analysis and exploitation of designated foreign communications; install, operate, and perform preventive maintenance of intercept equipment, including hardware and software.
● Led a 7 person SIGINT collection team in and around Fallujah, Iraq during Operation Iraqi Freedom II/III.
● Responsible for over $1.5m military equipment.
● 0 casualties during 10 months of in-theater operations.
● Provided direct, tactical SIGINT support to various U.S. Infantry and Special Forces
Units.
● Identified and located high-value targets and persons of interest.
Russian Interpreter (Defense Threat Reduction Agency): 2006 – 2010
● Interpreted between Russian and English during treaty compliance inspections, and various diplomatic and military-to-military events.
● Regularly exceeded expectations for 3+ years for intelligence collection.
● Developed expertise at conventional weapons recognition.
● Selected over peers for ad-hoc diplomatic and collection missions.
● Senior Russian linguist and sometimes sole bilingual U.S. representative during several multinational training events, military exercises, and diplomatic conferences.
● 4+ years of senior executive interaction.

Education
 University of California: Berkeley - MAY ‘15
● BA – Linguistics
● Cal Veterans Group President
● Managed 501c3, non-profit organization providing support systems, networks and events for US Military Veterans in higher education.
● Created and implemented sustainable process for recruiting and retaining active members, which lead to an increase in group membership of over from 9 to over 50.
	● Student Parent Association for Recruitment and Retention (SPARR), Donation Coordinator
		● Managed and executed food donations program, which addressed food insecurity 		among UC Berkeley students living in University Village (student-parent housing). 
		● Coordinated all logistics and volunteers for pick-up and distrobution of food donations 		from local grocery stores. 
 Defense Language Institute: JUL ‘10
● AA – Russian
● 3rd Platoon, Squad Leader
		● Supervised 12 Marines.
● Tutor
		● Tutored Marines in Russian.

Skilled in:
● Presentations
● Public Speaking
● Communication
● Project Management
● Organization
● Problem Solving
● Writing
● Attention to Detail
● Troubleshooting
● Teamwork
● Data Management



Familiar with:
● Python
● CSS
● Django
● Javascript
● SQL
● Excel
● Heroku
● Linux
● Salesforce
● Microsoft Office
● Sandler Sales Method
● Java
● Object Oriented Programming
● HTML
● Git


