Matthew Lloyd

620 Cassia St Redwood City CA 94063
(707) 624-5847 msplloyd@hotmail.com https://www.linkedin.com/in/matthew-lloyd/

Qualifications &amp; Skills
● Working knowledge of standard,
specialty and craft cocktails
● Knowledgeable of craft beer and wine
● Excellent in multi-tasking with precision
and speed
● Highly adaptable, fast learner
● Adept with bar inventory and scheduling
● Friendly and enthusiastic
● Successful in creating bar promotions
continually increasing revenue
● Demonstrates outstanding professional
relations
● Able to work long shifts standing and
walking
● Knowledgeable in accounting and
financial practice
● Carries current Food Handler and
Responsible Beverage Service Permits
● Knowledgeable in Oregon Lottery
procedures
Experience
Portland City Grill/ Kincaids Jul 2021 - Present
Portland OR/ Burlingame CA
Bartender/ Server
Provide tableside and bartop services in an upscale fine dining establishment in downtown Portland, and
bayside in Burlingame. Maintain working knowledge of Chef&#39;s specials, Wine list, cocktails and bar and
dining menus. Provide drinks for up to 500 guests in a shift while working at the service bar. Adopt a
personalized approach in providing excellent service to both regular and rotating guests. Follow Covid
sanitization and cleaning protocols
Magic Inn Jul 2020 - Jan 2022
NE Portland OR
Bartender

Provide friendly bartender service and self manage a neighborhood bar in Southeast Portland. Get to know
and care for regular clients while building a following of new regular guests. Maintain a welcoming and
clean environment for guests throughout COVID-19 times. Create food and beverage menu,cook and
manage kitchen, provide service at bar, table and lottery machines.
Casa Del Matador Jul 2018 - Jan 2020
NW Portland OR
Bartender
Provide friendly and knowledgeable lunch, dinner, happy hour and late night bar service in a very fast
paced tequila bar and Oaxacan themed restaurant. Adhere to rigorous and stringent prep schedules.
Master house craft cocktails, and maintain extensive knowledge of tequila and house recipes. Keep bar,
dining and work areas welcoming and tidy
Ranger Station Dec 2016 - May 2018
Portland OR
Bartender
Mix and infuse juices, and liquors according to projected business, Maintain liquor inventory, Master abd
create house craft cocktails, and maintain knowledge of classic and new cocktails, Keep bar, dining and
work areas clean, Provide full dinner service to guests throughout establishment,
Club Mallard/ Kona Club Sep 2015 - Sep 2016
Albany CA
Bartender
Maintain a fun, clean, and dynamic environment for new and regular guests. Provide entertaining, excellent
full bar service in a high volume neighborhood pool room and locals bar. Develop a popular seasonal
cocktail menu and daily specials with colleagues. Book and serve private events and cocktail parties. Mix
and infuse juices and alcohol for house cocktails Maintain working knowledge of local craft beers. Track
inventory of alcohol, mixers, and bar supplies.
Belo Ultra Lounge Feb 2013 - May 2015
Vacaville CA
Bar Manager/ Bartender/ Promotions Manager
Prepared and executed employee schedules for a staff of 20+ FOH employees, Prepared mixed drinks;
poured wine, beer and nonalcoholic beverages in a very high volume club and restaurant. Successfully ran
a number of promotions including a Blues Jam, EDM night, and a Service Industry Night to increase
revenues and volume on slower days. Maintain a working knowledge of specialty and standard cocktails,
and craft beer. Consistently created new cocktails, and house cocktail menus, and sold a very high volume
Education
University of California, Berkeley Aug 2013 - Aug 2016
Graduated August 2016 Bachelors of Science in Nutrition Science- Physiology and Metabolism
Haas Public Service Leader
Alternative Breaks Leader
UC Men’s Choral Ensemble Manager
Suitcase Clinic Case Manager
Solano Community College, Fairfield CA Jun 2010 - May 2013

Graduated May 2013Associates Degrees Earned: General Science; Science and Quantitative Reasoning;
Social Science; Liberal Studies
Phi Theta Kappa Honors Society
Alpha Gamma Sigma Honors Society
Solano Haiti Health and Education Partnership Student Chairperson
American Medical Students Association President
Math Engineering and Science Achievement Program Officer
Society for the Advancement of Chicano and Native American Scientists President

References
Available upon request
